 --- What do I want to learn or understand better?  ---
I wrote last week and the week before that about wanting to learn more about the architecture of an android app,
which I feel that I finally understood better this week. I joined Moa and Izabell for an extra user story that
concerned something I felt a bit unsure about. I probably didn’t contribute much, but it was very helpful for 
me and I learned a lot, so I’m glad that I could join. 
 
Last week, I also wrote about wanting to learn more about testing, but we didn’t focus on it this week so I 
will stick to that one for the next sprint as well. 
 


 --- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? ---
I would like to do the same thing that Moa and Izabell did for me this week, they let me join them with their
user story even if I could really do that much. I now know how helpful that can be, and will try to offer 
others to join me when doing something they might be unsure of. 
 
I also think that it is important to consider that something that might be obvious for you isn’t clear to 
everyone. By doing that, you can take some extra time to explain something instead of just hurrying through
it. 
 
We have continued with pair programming, which has been great, since it allows us to always help each other 
out. If we have an issue, we can help each other by googling the issue and sending links and tutorials to each 
other. 
 
 
 
 --- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? ---
I have been the Scrum master this week, and therefore I have put in some extra effort into making sure that our
work progresses smoothly. I have checked up on our KPI’s and kept a close eye on our scrum board to make sure 
that it is updated. This week, I have also tried to be extra active in meetings and also leading the discussions
a bit more to make sure we are being efficient. 
 
It was a very nice experience to be the scrum master, although I feel that the things that I contributed towards 
the use of Scrum this week weren’t all that much bigger than the previous weeks. This is probably thanks to that 
everyone in the group takes their own responsibility, and that we all are very updated with what to do each day. 
 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? ---
This week we completed a lot, and worked at a high velocity. It was very nice to see how so many things fell into 
place so smoothly, which makes it feel like we really have learned a lot through the course. I have mainly been 
working with Amanda and Noa this week, we created the filtering function so that we can now filter the list of 
apartments. We also wrote java doc for several classes, which is also mentioned in the team reflection.  I also 
worked with Moa and Izabell as previously mentioned. 
 
I have also participated in all meetings. Apart from that, I was the scrum master and therefore put together the 
team reflection from our discussion during the sprint review. 
