--- What do I want to learn or understand better? --- 
Last week, I said that I wanted to better understand how to incorporate my previous knowledge about UI design
with this project in android studio, and I feel like I really have done that this week. It has been very 
interesting to learn about how to frontend things in android studio. 
 
I have learned a lot during this course and project, and I am especially happy about the fact that I feel 
much more confident using version control. In upcoming projects, I would like to better understand how to use
databases, as it is something that I have not worked with before this project. 
 
 
--- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? --- 
I feel like I have helped my team create value for our customer by being helpful and available, and active 
in discussions about our process. I have given suggestions on how we could improve our work and what could be
done to make our product better.  I think that this project has made me more confident in sharing any skills 
that I have, and it has also made me realize how meaningful it is to work in a team consisting of people with 
backgrounds in different areas. 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? --- 
As in every sprint, I am always trying to be a good team member, and I think that a big success factor for our
group in this project has been our team spirit. I am very proud of the fact that we have helped each other so 
much throughout the project. I have also updated our scrum board when needed and been active in discussions 
and reflections of how our use of scrum has worked throughout the course. 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? --- 
This week, I have worked on the design of the app together with Noa and Izabell, to make it more appealing 
to our customer. I have also put in some work on the readme-file, as there were some things that we wanted
to improve before handing in our project. For example, I added the names of all team members, and structured
the file to make it look nice. I also wrote some information about installing the app and some general 
information. Me and Kerstin also worked on our demo that we will show during the presentation next week. 
We showed the demo to our customer on the last sprint review, which was a nice way to wrap up the project. 
She was very satisfied with the result, which was very nice to see. 
 
 


