--- What do I want to learn or understand better? ---
I talked in last week's reflection about wanting to learn more about the architecture of an
android app, and I feel that this sprint has given me a better understanding of the basics.
However, I hope to learn more about it in the upcoming sprints. I also hope that I can learn
more about testing, as this is something that we talked about focusing more on in the next
sprints. 
 
 
--- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? --- 
We have had some things this week that we initially didn’t know how to do, and this has led
us to googling quite a bit. I think it is helpful if everyone helps each other when googling,
because sometimes it is very difficult to know what to look for - as well as understanding 
search results and how to use them. 
 
We are also pair programming, and when doing so, I can give my group members some advice if
there are things that I think they could do to improve our code quality. By this, I am not 
saying that I am an expert at code quality, but I think others could be helped just by hearing
how another person resonates about things such as name giving or general coding practices. 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? ---
Last week I wrote about how the entire team does a good job at keeping up with the things that
we have put in our social contract, for example by keeping KPI’s up to date and updating our 
Scrum board. I also said that I wanted to keep an eye on Niko-niko this sprint, which I have 
done. However, we mostly work everyone together, split into two teams in separate breakout 
rooms, and this allows us to keep track of how everyone feels without being overly dependent 
on our KPI Niko-niko. Therefore, me looking at Niko-niko consistently may not have added that
much to our use of Scrum, as we talk about how we feel everyday. On the other hand, if someone
said that they felt good but then put a sad emoji, I would have noticed and could then talk to 
them about it. 
 
 I also mentioned last week that I wanted to be more on track with our KPI Velocity, and I feel like I 
really have. I noticed, together with Kerstin and Moa who I worked with, that we were working 
a bit faster than expected. Therefore we could do an extra user story this week, which was 
really great.  
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? --- 
This week, me, Kerstin and Moa worked on further improving the detailed view for each apartment
ad, by adding a description and making it possible to see the apartment specifications. We have
taken turns sharing screens, which has worked great since it allows everyone to be active. I feel
like we are working very effectively, and everyone is included which makes sure that everyone 
participates and that no one feels left behind. One day we had some work which was quite repetitive,
and I was the one sharing my screen. I offered Kerstin and Moa to leave the zoom meeting to complete
the last bit myself, which felt more reasonable than them sitting around just watching me. They have
previously done similar things for me so it felt nice to give back to them. Being flexible like that
is something that I think helps our team stay efficient even when working in groups. 
 
I have also participated in all meetings and made sure to be active and share my opinion in meetings
and when discussing the team reflection and our use of Scrum. 
 
 
 
