--- What do I want to learn or understand better? --- 
This project is coming to an end, and I feel like I have learned so much about many different things, 
both about app development, but also about teamwork and working agile. 
 
In the last sprint, we will focus on the design on the app, as our customer said it was valuable for her.
I have some experience with UI design and hope to understand better how to incorporate this knowledge 
into our program. 
 
 
--- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? ---
As I have some experience with  things such as design guidelines and design patterns for UI/UX, I hope to
share this knowledge with my team members. I hope that it could be useful for those in the group that 
doesn’t have as much experience in that area. 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? --- 
I have reminded my teammates to keep our KPI Niko niko updated, and I have also been keeping an eye on 
our other KPIs. We struggled with some tasks this week, and I think that documenting that is important 
so that we could discuss what we could have done differently. 
 
I am always trying to be a nice team member, as I think Scrum works best when there is healthy work-life
balance and a good team spirit. 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? --- 
We have pair programmed this week as well, and that has been very helpful as always. This week, we have 
encountered some difficulties with two user stories that ended up being harder to implement than we expected
them to be. Of course it was frustrating, but by pair programming and working together I feel that we have 
helped each other which also made it easier to deal with frustration when something didn’t work. We reminded 
each other to take much needed breaks, which I feel like I sometimes forget when working alone.  
 
We still managed to provide new functionalities to our customer, and she was satisfied with our work. I have
also contributed and been active in all meetings. 
 


