--- What do I want to learn or understand better? ---
Last week, I stated that I wanted to learn more about how to build graphical user interfaces in Android Studio,
and this week I have worked plenty with this. I feel like I have really developed my understanding of xml-files
and how to build Gui’s. However, I hope to continue learning more about this in the upcoming sprint. 
 
I also stated last week that I wanted to learn more about how the architecture of an android app works. This is
something that I feel that I still haven’t got that good of an understanding of. I will therefore continue to 
focus on this in the upcoming week, by talking to my teammates and reading the android documentation. 



--- How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? --- 
I have previously mentioned that I think it is important simply to listen to someone that has difficulties with
something, because if there are two of you it can be a lot easier to find a solution. During this sprint, I have
practiced this, and I feel that both me and my teammates have benefited from it. 
 
 
 
--- What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? --- 
I think that our team does a great job at constantly improving how we work with Scrum through open discussions
about the process, and I have been active in these discussions. I have also kept an eye on our KPI Niko-niko,
to see if anyone has put a sad/upset/angry/frustrated emoji. Of course, Niko-Niko isn’t all, so I’ve also tried
to keep an eye out if someone seemed upset in the meetings, as I believe that my teammates well being is an 
important aspect when trying to use Scrum successfully. 
 
Next week, I will try to keep an eye on our KPI Velocity, because we didn’t really mention it much this week.
I also got an indication that others in the team felt some frustration over that they didn’t progress as fast
as they had hoped for. I think that it would be valuable to talk about that earlier in the sprint. 



--- What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? ---
I have been active in our sprint review and our discussion about our team reflection. I felt that I had some
 thoughts to add that led to great discussions about how we can further improve our team effort and
our future work. This week I luckily managed to avoid schedule clashes, which meant that I could participate
in all our meetings, which of course led to much work being done. 
