what do I want to learn or understand better?
  - At the moment, I do not have such a broad knowledge of how we are going to implement adding pictures
    to the apartmentAd, and this is something I believe is quite useful and a nice learning experience.
    To learn this, I will read javadoc and learn from my dear teammates, as their knowledge and
    ability to teach me things are working well. As well as the chatfunction, as this could 
    be good to know in the future.
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  - At the moment, I believe the group is quite even in the amount of knowledge we possess in the areas,
    however, I believe that my knowledge in UI and effort estimatino is needed, and I will try to 
    help the group with giving my opinions and thoughts on these topics to create a more dynamic
    working experience. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  - This week, I contributed with keeping up with the scrum board on Trello, as well as making sure
    that our work load was appropriate and that we make sure our KPIs are up to date.
    In the future, I want this contribution to keep happening, and by being communicative and open
    with all team members, I believe this will continue. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  - This week, I was paired up with Izabell and Amanda to implement the 2nd part of creating the ad.
    At first, we started with creating the fragment, and as this was something I was a part of 
    creating last week in part 1 of creating the ad, I had a lot to say and contribute with. 
    Then we came to making sure that the user inputs were saved and that it showed in the apartment
    list. This was the hardest bit, as this wasn't something any of us had any experience in, so
    we helped eachother and tried to find our way through all problems. We eventually developed 
    something that was truly satisfactory to our demands, which felt great. 
    In the future, I would like to continue with programming in pairs, as this is great for utilizing
    our combined knowledge, for making sure that the code quality is high, as well as a great 
    learning experience. Therefore, by doing this, I believe I can contibute to the highest extent
    and to make sure that the project's results are satisfactory for me personally. 
