what do I want to learn or understand better?
  - For now, I have a hard time understanding how creating implicit deep links work.
    This was something that I was a part of implementing this week, and it is very different from the 
    other things that we have done in the project. In the future, as this is useful thing to know
    I want to understand this specific area better, and by reading javadoc and conversating with my 
    team members, I believe that I will be successful in reching my goal. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  - At the moment, I believe the group is quite even in the amount of knowledge we possess in most areas,
    however, there is always room for improvement. In the following weeks, the report  aswell as the presentation
    has to be written, and this is something that I will contribute much in this area, but also making
    sure that the code is functional and correct.
    I will try to help the team by communicating and interacting with them, to optimize the learning
    experience for all involved parties. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  - This week, I made sure that our scrum board on Trello was up to date with our assignments,
    in addition to the point scoring process. 
    This week, we were quite optimistic about how many user stories we would be able to complete
    but we had a great start on monday. In the end, this meant that we completed enough points
    to satisfy our goals, however, not all user stories were able to be completed. This meant that
    we had to discuss whether we should proceed, and invest much more time in the sprint,
    or make sure that we maintain an even velocity. We agreed that the later alternative was the most
    efficient in the Scrum mindset, so we went with this one. In the following week, I want us to
    stay aware of our velocity and make sure that we keep an agile mindset, and by using the Trello board
    aswell as communication, I believe that we will be successful. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  - This week, I was paired up with Izabell, Moa and Amanda to implement the the connection between user
    and apartment, as well as some minor fixes, and a sharing button. The first two user stories were
    manageabal, but the third one was very difficult. The user story was based around implicit deep links,
    which is something that I have never seen before, and it was truly difficult to implement. 
    In the end, we had to consult with Marcus to be able to find a solution, but the learning process was
    very fun and challenging, which I enjoyed! I want us to keep programming in pairs, as I realize that this
    is a major contributing factor to my learning in this course, and we will try to keep doing this,
    as it is something we all have agreed upon. 
