what do I want to learn or understand better?
  - At the moment, my understanding of how to implement the features which we haven't implemented yet is 
    not as great as I wish. To be able to learn more, I want to keep programming in pairs
    and try to research on sites like GitHub and elsewhere. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  - At the moment, I believe the group is quite even in the amount of knowledge we possess in the areas,
    but I believe there is some area of improvement. In the following weeks, the report has to be written
    and I believe that I can contribute greatly in this area, as well as the remaining programming. 
    I will try to help the team by communicating and interacting with them, to optimize the learning
    experience. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  - This week, I contributed with keeping up with the scrum board on Trello, in addition to the
    point scoring. This week, we were quite cautious about how many user stories we would be
    able to finsish, so we started with 4 of them. This was something that I stressed, as the points
    were up to our standards. However, it turned out to be an easier week than we all expected.
    This meant that we had to reconsider and set some more points on the remaining user stories. 
    In the future, I would like to stay updated on the Trello board, and to do this, I plan on
    remaining active and communicative. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  - This week, I was paired up with Lisa and Amanda to implement the the filtration, as well as some
    fixes that had to be done. We kept on programming in pairs, and everyone was able to be a part 
    of every session. This week, I had a lot to contribute, as I have a keen eye on minor details which
    make a real difference. However, the part with filtration, and making sure that all filters
    were functioning properly wasn't something that I had seen before, so this was a learning
    experience which I will remember. We were eventually very satisfied with our work
    In the future, I would like to keep on with programming in pairs, I believe I learn the most
    from this experience, and I also believe it is beneficial for the entire team to 
    make sure that everyone has some knowledge in all areas. By programming in pairs and staying 
    communicative, I believe this is the best for our group, and us working towards a mutual goal
    is very beneficial. 
