what do I want to learn or understand better?
- Something that I don't know right now is how the framework of Android programming will work
  We have had an introduction with Marcus, as he has previous knowledge in this area. 
  This went well but I still am quite a slow learner in programming, but I really hope that the next week will become a learning one. 
  Next week our first sprint starts, and as I am supposed to be the scrum master, I have to be able to have an understanding how time consuming different
  features are to develop. 
  I will understand this by doing the programming and learning from the interactions with my team members. 
  
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
- Something I believe I can help someone learn is not as easy this week as previous weeks. 
  However, I still believe there is much more to develop and discuss in the business area and in the interface department. 
  This is not yet the case, as the programming hasn't started, and we will find out limits and opportunities in this phase.
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
- Starting next week, I will be the first sprint's scrum master. I believe this is quite important and vital that we start in the right path.
  This is something I learnt in the Minetest excercise, as we didn't ask the right questions, and it became very time consuming.
  This could have been prevented if I had a better knowledge of how important this is, and I will make sure this won't happen in our product. 
  So I have tried reading into Scrum more and more to become prepared, and I am excited for the week to come. 
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
- In this week, we haven't really delivered anything as it wasn't required, but I have been apart of our meetings and tried putting in my opinions and thoughts.
  Taking on the role as scrum master is important and exciting for me, and the team is dependent on the role, and I will have to contribute much next week. 
