what do I want to learn or understand better?
- At the moment, I wish I could learn even more about Scrum and how it is used. 
  The excercise on monday was very useful and I learnt a lot in the process. 
   However, I feel there is much more to learn, and I believe the project will help in this case.
   
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
- I can give valuable feedback to other team members regarding the layout and user interface of the app, since I spend a lot of time on similar platforms. 
  This was clear while we were creating the mockup of our app, as my knowledge in the area helped creating a better UI. 
  Also, my knowledge in developing the business model is quite useful, and it showed while making the canvas for the project scope. 
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
- In the excercise, my laptop wouldn't let me turn around and view other things than forwards and backwards view, but this created an opportunity. 
  As I was very limited in my buildning and mining capabilities, the team and I decided that I should be the Scrum master, which worked out OK. 
  Of course, the concept is still quite new, and I don't possess the most important skills yet, however, I tried to work with the previously introduced concepts.
  This meant time management and people management, and maintaining expectations as well, both for the product owner but also within the team.
  I believe this was useful for all of us, and it could be seen as the start of our application of Scrum.
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
- This week, I contributed greatly with the business model canvas, the project description and also the mockup. 
  Business model canvases are something that I am familiar with and happy to develop, and I was writing and discussing the items together with the team. 
  The project description and the mockup weren't as intense for me as the BMC, however, as I wrote before, I have a daily habit of using similar websites as ours,
  which meant that I had some valid points to give in the process of making the mockup. The project description discussion thread and the project scope were both
  handed in by me. 
