What do I want to learn or understand better?
   Something that I want to learn is how to program the UI in the Android application
   We have gone through some of the features as this is our first programming week, but the UI
   seems to be the most interesting thing to learn in the coming weeks for me.
   Also, I would like to understand the programming a bit better, as this is still very new to me. 
   Many parts are familiar from previous programming, and I have learnt a lot from the framework available online,
   however there is much more to learn, and I look forward to the next couple of weeks. 
   I plan to learn and understand better by talking to the team and reading a lot online, as I have found this helpful before.
   
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
   I can help the entire team by the user interface part, which I previously have written about. 
   I have a lot of experience of similar websites and spend a lot of time on these, 
   however we haven't reached this point yet in the development phase. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
   This week I was assgined to be the Scrum master and I have learnt alot. 
   As the Scrum master, my assignment was to make sure evryone was being heard, that our sprint planning was
   going well, and also to make sure that the sprint is working well overall. 
   I believe this went well, and this was our first sprint. I was a bit nervous, but my team made sure that everything worked out. 
   Our sprint planning this week went very smooth, and as I am writing this, we have finished everything we planned to finish this week. 
   From the sprint review which we had earlier this morning (friday) the team expressed that the sprint was working well for them
   and we plan to use the same strategy in the future. So this week's use of Scrum has worked great, and in the future, 
   I know what it takes from me as a team member for the team to succeed, but also from the Scrum master. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
   This week, I have contributed with the programming of the hard-coded user, and also the team reflection.
   Of course, I have been a part of our meetings and gave input and opinions on many more deliverables, but these
   were the main ones. 
