what do I want to learn or understand better?
  - At this moment, the project is pretty much over, and this means that I have learnt almost everything I need.
    However, there are still areas where I can improve. In future projects, I would like to be better at using 
    the different frameworks from the beginning, and realise what is possible and what isn't from the start.
    This was my first project of this type, which meant that everything was very new to me, but this also
    meant that i learnt a whole lot. Some more things that I would like to learn is more programming of this type, 
    as I believe the opportunity to program in pairs, while working with such an intuitive and direct process
    as android studio combined with an emulator. To be able to learn these things, I will have to stay curious
    and attentive in order to stay updated on what is possible in programming, and how it can help me and my 
    projects. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  - As the project is more or less done, there is not a whole lot that I can teach to my fellow team members. 
    However, the report still has to be written, and this is an area which I believe I can excel in. I was in 
    charge of making the graphs for our KPI's, and this means that I have a thorough understanding of how our 
    working process not only felt, but how it was measured, and my insights in this could be useful for the group
    to know. By describing and showing them our KPI's and how they measured, I believe they can learn something 
    from how the project has developed. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  - The final sprint was quite different from the others, as this was more focused on making sure that the application
    was faultless and ran smoothly, as well as making sure that the UI was functioning well. This was also combined 
    with other work, like creating our KPI graphs together with presentation writing. This meant that not everything
    we did was measureable or represented on the Trello board, however, it also meant that we had to make sure the 
    Trello board represented that the project was finished. So this week, my contribution of Scrum was pretty similar
    to previous weeks, and I am very satisfied with my contribution. Doing the point scoring and working continuously
    with the Trello board is something that I want to keep doing in future projects, and I will definately do this by
    introducing the way of working to my future group members. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  - For the final sprint, I did the usual pair programming with Amanda, Lisa and Izabell. The user stories which we 
    worked on were partly the ones which we didn't finish last week, which made sure that we could share the 
    advertisements, so we finished that this week. Also, we worked on the design elements of the UI, which felt
    really great, as I find UI very interesting. This didn't mean that it was easy though, as both user stories were 
    harder than we anticipated, but we managed to solve our issues, mostly on our own, but also by the help of 
    our team members. In future projects, I would like to have this dynamic working experience, as pair
    programming has made me learn a whole lot, as well as mixing up the teams which we program in. 
    This makes for a great learning experience, not only on the knowledge level, but it is a great way to learn 
    how to work with other people and to learn their ways of working. I will try to maintain working in this 
    type of way by sharing my previous positive experiences from working in smaller groups. 
    
    Now that the project is finished, I would just like to say that I am very proud of my own work put into the course,
    but mostly of the group. I have never had such a great working experience with a group, and every part of the 
    project has gone as smooth as it could have, and I have learnt so much!
